due to the corruption of the financial
system individuals have found themselves
deeper in debt unable to smoothly save
their income and live a good relaxed
lifestyle instead many people especially
youth have been struggling to make ends
meet living with their parents carrying
massive amounts of debt either
unemployed or taking on two or three
jobs to make ends meet this is a global
phenomenon you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today
we're going to look at a host of issues
beginning with this we're looking at the
Millennials in particular almost one
quarter of the generation of young
adults born between
1981 and 2000 are working temporary or
contract jobs nearly double the rate for
the entire job market now this is no
different than what we have seen in
areas like Europe for example I brought
this up to you in previous videos when
we looked at these statistics for Greece
and for Spain and for
others almost onethird are not working
in their field of education and this is
something that I take to heart because
you see so many people struggling for
years burning themselves out they get
all of these degrees spend m money they
get into debt and they really hurt
themselves in fact in order to get these
degrees and they end up working jobs
that have nothing to do with what they
were educated on and quite frankly the
pay is a fraction of what they intended
on getting paid in the first place so
then they have to go continue to live
with their parents they are there for an
extended period of time and ultimately
Things Are aren't going the way that
they hoped
21% are working more than one job and
close to half are looking for a new job
and
so these are all important and I think
once again that it this happens to be
about Canada but it's all over the world
these numbers come from a Globe and Mail
online survey survey of Millennials that
attracted 2600 responses so it goes on I
read through the article and I think
that it is important there's of course
bias but that's with any article I just
wanted to note a few points from here
and it's no different than what I've
said before what we have is a problem
that number one individuals are being
put into this education system and they
are desperate to get further and further
along in it only consuming more and more
debt along the way and you could see in
the US the debt uh student debt bubble
is over a trillion dollar you you'll see
that that is obviously not going to go
down anytime soon it has been increasing
significantly year after year after year
then these people they come out of
school they are unable to pay off their
debt so the debt compounds and gets
worse these individuals are also having
a problem because of this issue I'll
move on to that further along in the
article part of the explanation is our
aging population there's a little bit of
a bottleneck with Baby Boomers still in
the labor market and the millennial
generation is one that is really
suffering from this so think about that
for a second where you have individuals
the Baby Boomers who are working later
and later and later so they are
occupying ing the jobs that a new person
would have been joining the workforce
they're getting in of course that
doesn't explain everything but that's
part of
it this is causing a big big disruption
in what should be a normal occurrence
people move out of the job market and
people move into the job market and this
is not going to go very well I assure
you there is more in the article here I
would like to just just move on and
switch gears but before I do just wanted
to essentially suggest the fact that
things are changing in the job
market you'll look around and you'll see
that the jobs that were present decades
ago are not the same as they are today
when a few decades ago a high school
diploma would have been something of
significance now an individual who gets
their ba a gets a 4-year degree or what
have you it's essentially the same thing
so it's being diluted no different than
what we have seen with the Federal
Reserve diluting the value of the dollar
you can see that what has happened with
the education system has really truly
diluted the value of that
education that's my opinion on it anyway
so this right here is an excellent in
graphic Erica Quinn sent me this from
investment zen.com I suggest everyone
take a look at it I won't have time to
scroll through the whole thing but
essentially what we have is the 10 worst
cases of corporate greed in US history
and this is just 10 of them there's a
lot more than that we know that for sure
so you can check out investment zen.com
if you're interested I actually posted
this on my steemit at as well but let's
just quickly look at a couple points
from that ascendant Corporation 1998 $4
billion of accounting fraud restitution
$32 million settlement to
shareholders and this is what we see
every time I don't know about this
particular instance but what about
wacovia Wells Fargo where they were
caught laundering something along the
lines of $380
billion and then they get a little slap
in the wrist fine at the end of it they
are going to make a killing even when
they get caught it's just a slap on the
wrist and so this infographic has many
more if you want to scroll through that
please check it out I'm going to move on
here more than 28,000 species of plants
around the world have a medical use but
poor documentation means people people
are not making the most of the health
benefits what do we have here well all
of these plants are beneficial in some
way they have a way to let's say help
people heal from their conditions okay
we're not allowed to say certain
four-letter words that start with
C on YouTube you're not allowed to say
that
but let's just say for the the time
being these plants are beneficial but
then there is no money in finding out
their benefits therefore they're unsure
they just know they have medical
uses so they stop right there pretty
much where is all the money going well
it doesn't take a genius to figure out
that the money is in the pharmaceutical
industry look at what has happened with
biotech to be a farmer previously you
know was never a glamorous job it wasn't
a money-making job it was just a job
that individuals did probably passed
down from generation to
generation then you look at it today and
these biotech companies patenting seeds
and creating all of the pesticides and
everything else they're making a killing
but we're talking about food we're
talking about something that you consume
every day and now it's become a
multibillion dollar
industry so look at where the money's
going Russian website broadcast live
pictures of Cape Bretton school children
so the only reason I mentioning this
here was that our data is not safe our
information is not safe and we cannot
trust them so when we put our
information out there in any way shape
or form we need to understand the
reality is that someone else is probably
watching not just the NSA but others as
well why did a Chinese paroide company
pay $1 billion for a talking
cat many of you may recognize this
individual cat and that is Talking Tom a
little game for the iPhones and iPads
and all this
stuff and it's not worth a billion
dollars of course it's not just just
talking tom but the company essentially
behind it bought out for a billion
dollars can you believe it the reason
I'm mentioning this is that you know you
could suggest there's a billion dollar
worth of value in this and the company
and the advertising that goes along with
it and everything else maybe maybe it's
worth a billion dollars but I can't help
but feel that we are in the do
bubble 2.0 the valuations are ridiculous
I mean a billion dollar a billion
dollars I'll leave that up to you to
decide but to me sounds like insanity to
me all right now you know when I read
this type of stuff it I just I shake my
head I get angry I just advising women
not to drink when pregnant is quote
sexist and causes needless anxiety
according to senior
academics so now if you drink while
you're pregnant if you tell women who
are pregnant that they can't drink
alcohol that's
sexist I mean what is happening to this
world everything is upside
down it even says you can have moderate
drinking and the occasional binge
drinking and that's okay that there is
no evidence to support the
fact that this would harm your B
baby I mean are you kidding
me are we going backwards in
time I can't even I can't even believe
this is a legitimate article these are
supposed
academics
and I just read something like this
anyway I had to bring that to you I
don't even have words to talk about it I
mean it's so ridiculous look if you want
to do that by all means go ahead do
it but don't
suggest that this type of behavior is
like binge drinking while you're
pregnant is okay I
mean I mean what's next what's next
anyway that's that's more of
an opinionated thing I don't like to get
into this I'd like to know your opinion
on this as well if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs
up if you found this video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and global economic collapse my new
release even more informative so if you
want to look through the books just go
over to Amazon the first book is about
the four asset classes how to profit
from them gets into a lot of that detail
whereas the new book gets into the
familiar subjects but then I also get
into the money GPS strategy that's
reducing your monthly expenses becoming
self-sufficient all sorts of things like
that there's also the audio book which
is available of global economic collapse
that's on my
website uh the money gps.com you can
check that out there as well and
individuals have asked me many people
have said get on steemit get on steemit
so I am on steemit I've been on there
actually since last year but I never
really did anything with it and now I'm
going to try at this point anyway to try
to regularly post on there at the very
least just post these YouTube videos on
the steemit account so if you want to
follow me on steemit if you want to
support me on steemit I'm there the link
is in the description of this video take
care